Example on creating timeseries and trajectories (#73)
S-ENDA/DMH: documentation/practicalGuides_NETCDF.md

**Workflow**

- Define your dataset, some help can be found at [CF conventions](https://cfconventions.org/)

> - Create a CF-NetCDF file with neccary attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a CF-NetCDF file with the required attributes
```

>   * Add units, long_name and standard_name(if possible) to data variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add units, long_name and standard_name (if possible) to data variables
```
